Module 1: Monitor Resources with Azure Monitor

Exam AZ-104: Microsoft Azure Administrator - Learn | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/certifications/exams/az-104

Sources of data in Azure Monitor - Azure Monitor | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/platform/data-sources

Overview of Insights in Azure Monitor - Azure Monitor | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/insights/insights-overview

Azure Monitor Workbooks Overview - Azure Monitor | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/platform/workbooks-overview

Create diagnostic settings to send platform logs and metrics to different destinations - Azure Monitor | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/platform/diagnostic-settings

Resource Manager template samples for diagnostic settings - Azure Monitor | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/samples/resource-manager-diagnostic-settings

Tutorial: Get started with Log Analytics queries - Azure Monitor | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/log-query/get-started-portal

Log Analytics agent overview - Azure Monitor | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/platform/log-analytics-agent

Overview of the Azure monitoring agents - Azure Monitor | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/platform/agents-overview

Azure Data Explorer documentation | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/data-explorer/

Download and install Azure Data Studio - Azure Data Studio | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/azure-data-studio/download-azure-data-studio?view=sql-server-ver15

KQL quick reference | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/data-explorer/kql-quick-reference

Azure Activity log - Azure Monitor | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/platform/activity-log

Send Azure Activity log to Log Analytics workspace using Azure portal - Azure Monitor | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/learn/quick-collect-activity-log-portal

Getting started with Azure metrics explorer - Azure Monitor | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/platform/metrics-getting-started

Create custom dashboards in Azure Application Insights - Azure Monitor | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/learn/tutorial-app-dashboards

Create and share dashboards of Azure Log Analytics data - Azure Monitor | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/learn/tutorial-logs-dashboards

What is Azure Application Insights? - Azure Monitor | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/app/app-insights-overview

Using Service Map solution in Azure - Azure Monitor | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/insights/service-map

Download Visual Studio 2019 for Windows & Mac
https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/downloads/

KQL Online Course: The Basics of Kusto Query Language | Pluralsight
https://www.pluralsight.com/courses/kusto-query-language-kql-from-scratch

Collect custom logs in Azure Monitor - Azure Monitor | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/platform/data-sources-custom-logs
