Module 2: Monitoring and Reporting on Microsoft Azure Resources

Exam AZ-104: Microsoft Azure Administrator - Learn | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/certifications/exams/az-104

KQL Online Course: The Basics of Kusto Query Language | Pluralsight
https://www.pluralsight.com/courses/kusto-query-language-kql-from-scratch

Microsoft Azure Data Explorer - Advanced KQL | Pluralsight
https://www.pluralsight.com/courses/microsoft-azure-data-explorer-advanced-query-capabilities

Exploring Data in Microsoft Azure Using Kusto Query Language and Azure Data Explorer | Pluralsight
https://www.pluralsight.com/courses/microsoft-azure-data-exploring

What is Azure Application Insights? - Azure Monitor | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/app/app-insights-overview

Application Insights for Azure cloud services - Azure Monitor | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/app/cloudservices

KQL quick reference | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/data-explorer/kql-quick-reference

Keyword Query Language (KQL) syntax reference | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sharepoint/dev/general-development/keyword-query-language-kql-syntax-reference

KQL cheat sheets - Quick Reference official page - Microsoft Tech Community
https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/azure-data-explorer/kql-cheat-sheets-quick-reference-official-page/ba-p/1203181

Download and install Azure Data Studio - Azure Data Studio | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/azure-data-studio/download-azure-data-studio?view=sql-server-ver15

Download and install Azure Data Studio - Azure Data Studio | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/azure-data-studio/download-azure-data-studio?view=sql-server-ver15

microsoft/jupyter-Kqlmagic: Extension (Magic) to Jupyter notebook and Jupyter lab, that enable notebook experience working with Kusto, ApplicationInsights, and LogAnalytics data.
https://github.com/microsoft/jupyter-Kqlmagic

Kusto (KQL) extension for Azure Data Studio - Azure Data Studio | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/azure-data-studio/extensions/kusto-extension?view=sql-server-ver15

Notebooks with Kqlmagic (Kusto Query Language) in Azure Data Studio - Azure Data Studio | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/azure-data-studio/notebooks/notebooks-kqlmagic?view=sql-server-ver15

Analyze data in Azure Data Explorer using Kusto Query Language (KQL) extension in Azure Data Studio - SQL Server Blog
https://cloudblogs.microsoft.com/sqlserver/2020/09/24/analyze-data-in-azure-data-explorer-using-kusto-query-language-kql-extension-in-azure-data-studio/

Azure Log Analytics – meet our new query language | Azure Blog and Updates | Microsoft Azure
https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/blog/azure-log-analytics-meet-our-new-query-language-2/

#Microsoft Azure Log Analytics Query Playground Available #MSOMS #Azure #Analytics #HybridCloud | Argon Systems
https://argonsys.com/microsoft-cloud/library/microsoft-azure-log-analytics-query-playground-available-msoms-azure-analytics-hybridcloud/

Project Jupyter | Home
https://jupyter.org/

Use Jupyter Notebooks in Azure Data Studio - Azure Data Studio | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/azure-data-studio/notebooks/notebooks-guidance?view=sql-server-ver15

How to use Jupyter Notebooks in Azure Data Studio
https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/videos/azure-friday-how-to-use-jupyter-notebooks-in-azure-data-studio/

Built-in magic commands — IPython 7.18.1 documentation
https://ipython.readthedocs.io/en/stable/interactive/magics.html

Perform UI tests with Selenium - Azure Pipelines | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/pipelines/test/continuous-test-selenium?view=azure-devops

Overview of alerting and notification monitoring in Azure - Azure Monitor | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/platform/alerts-overview

Create, view, and manage Metric Alerts Using Azure Monitor - Azure Monitor | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/platform/alerts-metric

Create and manage action groups in the Azure portal - Azure Monitor | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/platform/action-groups

Create and manage action groups in the Azure portal - Azure Monitor | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/platform/action-groups

Create and manage action groups in the Azure portal - Azure Monitor | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/platform/action-groups

How to trigger complex actions with Azure Monitor alerts - Azure Monitor | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/platform/action-groups-logic-app

How to integrate the common alert schema with Logic Apps - Azure Monitor | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/platform/alerts-common-schema-integrations

Monitor status, view history, and set up alerts - Azure Logic Apps | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/logic-apps/monitor-logic-apps

Monitor with multi-step web tests - Azure Application Insights - Azure Monitor | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/app/availability-multistep

Monitor availability and responsiveness of any web site - Azure Monitor | Microsoft Docs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/app/monitor-web-app-availability
